
	city or town to impose a botanical, cultural, recreational and zoological organizations or facilities tax of .10 percent on taxable sales. 
	The new combined sales and use tax rate in Provo will be 6.85 percent. 
	Counties Impose County Option Sales and Use Tax to Fund Highways and Public Transit tax of .25 percent to fund highways and public transit, highways and public transit tax county-wide at .25 percent. 
	Expanding Medicaid in Utah and raising the statewide sales tax rate from 4.7 to 4.85 percent. As a result, the combined sales tax rate will increase .15 percent in all Utah jurisdictions.
	Food for home consumption, School-related sales, Machinery and machine tools, Biogas production system components, Gas, electricity, etc., for residential use.Food for home consumption
	Property used in space flight, Occasional sales for charitable organizations, Machinery or machine tools equipment used for processing recovered materials per business list on Public Health & Environment.
	Farm equipment, Sales on retail marijuana and retail marijuana products, Food sold through vending machines.
	Low-emitting vehicles, Motor vehicles, Renewable Energy Components, Building materials, Beetle wood products.	School-related sales, Machinery and machine tools, Biogas production system components.
	Sales of unprepared foods will be exempt from the 1% Capital Projects Tax and the 6% state Sales and Use Tax. 	All other sales or purchases in Spartanburg County are subject to the 6% state Sales and Use Tax and the 1% Capital Projects Tax. 
	Williamsburg County will impose a 1% Capital Projects Tax. Local Option Tax is still in effect.
	Education Capital Improvement Tax,Motor Vehicles, Building Materials,Sales tax on food & liquor for immediate consumption.
	Advertising,Amusements, exhibitions, construction contractors, speculative builders, owner-builders who are not speculative builders.
	Feed at Wholesale, Job printing, Manufactured Buildings,Timbering and other extraction, Publishing and periodical distribution.
	Hotels,Rental, leasing, and licensing of use of real property, Rental of tangible personal property, Restaurants and bars.
	Food for home consumption Telecommunications
       Transportation for hire Utility services. 
       Mining–Nonmetal, Utilities, Communications, Transporting
	Private (Rail) Car,Pipeline,Publication,Job Printing, Restaurants and Bars, Amusement, Commercial Lease.
	Personal Property Rental, Contracting–Prime, Retail, Mining, Transient Lodging, Online Lodging Marketplace, Use Tax–Utilities, Use Tax Purchases, Use Tax From Inventory.
	Telecommunications Devices, Municipal Water, Jet Fuel Tax, Rental Car Surcharge, Stadium, Telecommunications, Prepaid Wireless.
	Advertising, Amusement, Speculative Builder, Owner Builder.
	Feed at Wholesale, Job Printing, Timbering and Other Extraction, Manufactured Buildings, Publication.
	Hotels, Residential Rental, Leasing & Licensing, Commercial Rental, Leasing & Licensing for Use Rental, Leasing, & Licensing for Use of Tangible Personal Property 
	Restaurant and Bars, Retail Sales, Communications, Retail Sales Food for Home Consumption
	Transporting, Wastewater Removal Services
	The Massachusetts sales tax is 6.25% of the sales price or rental charge on tangible personal property, telecommunication services. 
	Sales tax is generally collected by the seller. sales price or rental charge on tangible personal property, including property purchased by phone, mail order, and online. Use tax is generally paid directly to Massachusetts by the purchaser.
	1 cent on each sale where the taxable price is 20 cents. 2 cents if the taxable price is at least 21 cents but less than 34 cents, 5 cents if the taxable price is at least 67 cents but less than 84 cents. 6 cents if the taxable price is at least 84 cents. 
	tax is imposed on short-term passenger car and recreational vehicle rentals, short-term truck rentals, new mobile homes and modular buildings, vending machine sales, alcoholic beverages.
	Louisiana hurricane preparedness sales tax holiday.
	Hotel Motel Effective Date	Locally Imposed Hotel Motel Rates. DOR ADOPTS RULE ON SALES, USE TAXREBATES FOR RACEWAY OPERATORS. New rule on the tax treatment of state sales and use taxrebates that are available to some owner.
	Indiana to exempt sales tax as a service. Indiana’s sales tax is seven percent.
	Some Idaho resort cities and three auditorium districts have a local sales tax in addition to the state sales tax. These local sales taxes are sometimes also referred to as local "option" taxes, Resort cities have a choice in what's taxed and can include everything that's subject to the state sales tax. 
	Some, but not all, choose to limit the local sales tax to lodging, alcohol by the drink, and restaurant food.
	Auditorium districts are restricted to charging a local sales tax only for lodging.
	Digital Goods/Streaming Video was repealed from both the Sales and Use Tax.
	Hawaii does not have a sales tax; instead, it is a General Excise Tax (GET) which is assessed on all business activities. 
	The GET is imposed at 4% state, Sellers may decide to collect the 4% state rate from their buyers. They can collect up to 4.166% tax from their buyers
	The state sales and use tax rate is 4%.
	Delaware does not impose a state or local sales tax, but does impose a gross receipts tax on the seller of goods (tangible or otherwise) or provider of services in the state. 
	Business and occupational gross receipts tax rates range from 0.0945% to 1.9914%, depending on the business activity
	There is only one statewide sales and use tax.  There are no additional sales taxes imposed by local jurisdictions in Connecticut. 
	Applies to the retail sale, lease, or rental of most goods and taxable services. 
	The tax on the rental or leasing of a passenger motor vehicle for a period of 30 consecutive calendar days or less is 9.35%. 
	A tax rate of 7.75% applies to the following: the sale for more than $50,000 of most motor vehicles, the sale for more than $5,000 of jewelry (whether real or imitation).
	the sale for more than $1,000 of an article of clothing or footwear intended to be worn on or about the human body, a handbag, luggage, umbrella, wallet or watch. 
	Sales and Use Taxes on Computer-Related Services and Sales of Tangible Personal Property. A sales and use tax rate of 2.99% applies to the sale of vessels, motors for vessels and trailers used for transporting a vessel.
	The following tax types are affected: State Universal Service Fund. Universal Service Fund (Wireless). Universal Service Fund (VoIP). Universal Service Fund (Other).
	General rate, from 3% to 3.5% Admissions to places of amusement and entertainment, from 3% to 3.5%. 
	Retail selling price of food for human consumption sold through vending machines, from 3% to 3.5%. 
	Net difference paid for machines, machinery, and equipment used in planting, cultivating, and harvesting farm products, from 1% to 3.5%. Machines and parts and attachments for machines used in manufacturing tangible personal property, from 2% to 3.5%. 
	General rate Admissions to places of amusement and entertainment Retail selling price of food for human consumption sold through vending machines. Net difference paid for machines, machinery, and equipment used in planting, cultivating, and harvesting farm products. 
	Machines and parts and attachments for machines used in manufacturing tangible personal property.Net difference paid for all automotive vehicles, truck trailers, semi-trailers, and house trailers  
	Montana does not have a general sales, use, or transaction tax.
	Oregon doesn't have a general sales or use/transaction tax.
	Kentucky Sales and Use Tax is imposed at the rate of 6 percent of gross receipts or purchase price. There are no local sales and use taxes in Kentucky. Sales Tax is imposed on the gross receipts derived from both retail sales of tangible personal property, digital property, and sales of certain services in Kentucky. 
	​Use Tax is imposed on the purchase price of tangible personal property, digital property purchased for storage, use or other consumption in Kentucky
	the new prepaid diesel fuel sales tax rate is 15.8 cents per gallon.
	General rate for tangible personal property and selected services. 
	Tickets to legitimate theaters and entertainment venues. Restaurant meals, liquor for consumption on the premises, and rental vehicles. Alcoholic beverages sold for off-the-premises consumption. 
	Rental or leasing of rental vehicles and utility trailers. Tickets to baseball games or baseball-related events at Nationals Park and for baseball-related tangible personal property sold at Nationals Park. 
	Tickets to events at the Capital One Arena or for event-related tangible personal property sold at Capital One Arena. 
	Rental or leasing of rental vehicles and utility trailers. Hotels (transient accommodations). 
	Parking motor vehicles in commercial lots. Alcoholic beverages manufactured by a holder of a manufacturer’s license and beverages brought into DC by the holder of a wholesaler’s license.
	CST - City Sales Tax, IDC - Economic and Industrial Development, SMR - Municipal Street Maintenance and Repair
	business district sales tax. county public safety tax. home rule sales tax. 
	Locally imposed sales tax does not apply to sales of qualifying food, drugs, and medical appliances. items that must be titled or registered by an agency of Illinois state government and reported on dealer-filed transaction returns
	all sales, leases, and rentals of tangible personal property in or for use in Virginia, as well as accommodations and certain taxable services, are subject to Virginia Sales and Use Tax. 
	Sales of aircraft, watercraft, and motor vehicles are taxed at different rates than those listed above
	retail sales or 200 transactions to Washington customers are required to register in Washington State and collect or submit retail sales tax to the state.
	General Rate Sales Tax, ​Residential Solid-Waste Management Services, ​Commercial Sold-Waste Management Services, Construction/Demolition/Other Waste Services.
	Liquor Gross Receipts Sales Liquor Gross Receipts Use, ​Mobile Home and Park Trailer Sales, Solvent Fee Sales, ​Use Tax Purchases, ​Variable Rate Purchases and ​Variable Rate Purchases and ​Interstate Motor Carrier.
	County sales tax, Baseball stadium tax, Football stadium tax, Use tax, Local expo tax, Premier resort tax
	The state’s sales tax is imposed on the purchase price of tangible personal property or taxable service sold at retail. 
	Use tax is imposed on the storage, use or consumption of tangible personal property in this state. 
	The 4.225 percent state sales and use tax is distributed into four funds to finance portions of state government – General Revenue (3.0 percent), Conservation (0.125 percent), Education (1.0 percent), and Parks/Soils (0.10 percent). 
	Sale of tangible personal property, Farm tractors and logging equipment, Farm implements, Sales to electric power associations.
	Certain machinery, machine parts and equipment located on and used in the operation of certain publicly-owned port facilities Manufacturing machinery, Automobiles and light trucks.
	Sales of automobiles and trucks 10,000 pounds or less gross weight to electric power associations.
	Sales of automobiles and trucks over 10,000 pounds gross weight to electric power associations.
	Trucks (greater than 10,000.00 lbs.), aircraft, semitrailers, mobile homes and modular homes.
	Motor-cycles, mopeds, motor bikes, boats, all-terrain vehicles (ATV's), ​trailers, or other equipment, Materials to railroads for use in track and track structure.
	Other tangible personal property including alcoholic beverages and beer
	The Maximum Tax (Refund Cap) will remain at $25.00 per sale.
	In addition, the Maximum Tax (Refund Cap) will increase to $37.50 per transaction \n'.
	General sales and use tax: 6.0 percent (5% state + 1% city), Natural gas: 2.0 percent (1% state + 1% city)\n'.
	New farm machinery and new farm irrigation equipment: 4.0 percent (3% state + 1% city) New mobile homes: 4.0 percent (3% state + 1% city).
	Coin-operated amusement: 6.0 percent (5% state + 1% city).
	Lodging Hotel, Motel and Tourist Court Accommodations, and Bed & Breakfast Accommodations 	licensed under North Dakota Century Code.
	Restaurant (sale of food and non-alcoholic beverages) Alcoholic Beverages, Off-sale alcoholic beverages: 8.0 percent (7% state + 1% city gross receipts), On-sale alcoholic beverages


